MAGECLOUD-5181: Disable cron container by default (#6568)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-manage-cron-jobs.md

-  The `setup:cron:run` and `cron:update` commands are not available on Cloud and Docker for Cloud environments
-  In the Docker environment, cron works only with the CLI container to run the `./bin/magento cron:run` command

> By default, cron container is not present in your Docker development environment to improve overall performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the overall performance in the Docker development environment, the cron container is not present by default. You can add the cron container as needed using the `--with-cron` option.
```

Reviewer 2: We have an overlap of suggestions here.  My suggested edit is:

By default, the Docker build configuration does not include the Cron container. This configuration improves overall performance in the Docker production and development environments. You have the option to add the Cron container when you build the Docker environment.

It doesn't matter which we use, but I think it's important to qualify that the Cron container is not included in either the Docker production or developer  environments.

> By default, cron container is not present in your Docker development environment to improve overall performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Docker build configuration does not include the cron container. This configuration improves overall performance in the Docker production and development envrionments. You can add the Cron container to the build configuration by  including the `--with-cron` option when you build the Docker environment.
```

> ## Add the cron container

Reviewer: Level two heading is huge. You can remove it and just rely on the sentence I suggested above, or you can move this heading to appear before the paragraph you added above.

Author: Fixed

> ## Add the cron container

Reviewer 2: Add intro sentence: 

``` You can add the Cron container to the build configuration by  including the `--with-cron` option when you build the Docker environment.```

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to have a use case here --an example of when I would need to include cron, or a statement that explains why I might want to add the cron container.

Reviewer 2: If the cron is not enabled by default, I don't think we need to include the "Disable the Cron container" section.

Author: Fixed

-  The `setup:cron:run` and `cron:update` commands are not available on Cloud and Docker for Cloud environments
-  In the Docker environment, cron works only with the CLI container to run the `./bin/magento cron:run` command

> To improve the overall performance in the Docker development environment, the cron container is not present by default. You can add the cron container as needed using the `--with-cron` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To improve the overall performance in the Docker development and production environments, the Cron container is not present by default. You can add the cron container as needed by adding the `--with-cron` option to the Docker build command.
```

Author: Fixed
